Meaning, how could it be my first time,
It's been less than three years since I started this trip.
That's enough, don't follow me anymore,
Tell the forest police officer that I am not going to do it.
Then I'll go find Mr. Lin.
There is also something about your client that I seem to have messed up.
Okay, over here, come on,
You think you can't have Caihua, Renhai is so beautiful,
Would you have come if my brother wasn't with you? Yes,
Don’t you understand? People,
Remotely, it was her who was showing off,
But didn't come with me, then why maybe I did something,
Believe it or not.
That's not possible
Can you get rid of those tempers?
But don't worry
I have a very good relationship with him
As long as I go out
Because I called him now, right?
so unhappy i would be
You care a lot about me, right? He deserves it too.
From now on, he will have enough to eat.
I didn’t have any contact at that time.
If it's someone who's not there
Why do you like his temper, right?
He answered then
How can you kill me?
I'm looking for death
How can he catch it?
Not grasping the facts either
Nowadays, women are not allowed to touch
You can't Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu
Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu.
Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu…